Memory allocation
Static- for static, global variables. known sizes eg array use Stack, memory located when program running and persis through life of program
Aut - for functions parameters. memory allocated when function runs and freed up after function ends

both static + aut 1) size of memory known 2) allocation+deallocation when variables made/destroyed

Dynamic- locate memory when needed request from OS when needed. prevents overspending, stack overflow, trying to find which part of memory has been used
       - memory is from heap
       - returns a pointer with address of memory location

       stack vs heap
       static/local vair,faster since address known | dynamic variables, free, slower two steps get address then object

pointers - help get heap allocated objects since has address of where they are located
- responsible for requesting and dispositng of dynamically allocate memory

New operator to call dynamically memory allocation, request memory from OS when needed
Delete operator no deletion actually happening only returns memory pointed to backt ot he operating system
Dangling pointer - pointer pointing to deallocated memory
   - deallocating memory no the memory address has another value, or used by os or another application


   memory leak
   - when dynamically allocated memeory it address is lost. can have ptr variables going out of scope after function. variable ptr dies
   so no way to access the address of memory. memory leaks. we loss the address of some bit of dynamically allocated memory beofre giving it back to OS
   Os canot use it, we cannot delete it, eats up memory



   Questions
   1. Stack vs heap , when local vs longterm variable, malloc/new which one?

   Stack - fixed chuchn of memory address
            allocate memory for local variables and function calls.


        LIFO last in first out
        Faster since address known
        acts as arrayd ata structure except cannot randloly access eement, have to go in order. topc top at plate pop


   Heap - big pool of memory
       free store
       dynamic memory allocation for longterm variables.  so request memory from Os when needed.
       Slower since 2 steps 1) address 2) then object.
       Good when want to  reduce risk of stack overflow, memory wastage, knowing which bit of memory has been used up
       access use malloc/new operator pointer returns memory address
       derenfcing pointer slowe than accessing variable directly


   2. why c known as memory unsafe language
   3 given a function that calculates shorted path in a graph. how to very working correctly?
   4. What is a systems call, exict, fork, write()
   5. TCP vs UDP


   Ref vs pointers
   ref
   - function parameters
   - read only
   large objects to avoid copying

   pointers
   - when nothing is a valid value, null ptr can be returned but a reference cannot be null

   ref or pointers when to use
   - use ref when the object values must exist, esp for function parameters. ppionter when null is valid , need dynamic memory and ownership semantics